[Music]
I'm Eddie Brock I'm the reporter now I
always seem to find myself questioning
something the government may not be
looking at I found something really bad
and I have been taking
look around in the world who do you see
a planet on the brink of collapse
human beings are disposable but man and
symbiote combined this is a new race
near species the higher life form
me
[Applause]
we cannot just hurt people
study
we have a team
i clear
so many tracks a little time
to that power it's not completely awful
you have no idea how much you're scaring
me right now
a walk away
and you just might survive guys you do
not want to do this trust me
we'll always come at a cost
bleep on your face right on your head
you will be this office
Legolas Fifth Estate rolling down the
street
[Music]
oh I have a parasite yeah neighbors
chant do you know what my job
description is I'm in acquisitions I
look up and I catch what falls out of
the sky
what's how I should
[Applause]
tell me about the mission did you see
anything unusual it's above our bakery
[Music]
look I get it
something went down in Mexico nobody
wants any witnesses we need to know if
you can you manpower threat
we're Rangers it Baxley if your mom's
vagina were a video game to be rated E
for Everyone there's an opposing the
three kind of the [ __ ] point
predators just don't sit around making
hats out of rib cages they conquered
space but that's not what's on the
horizon should I be worried Riley I
think you know what is on the ship the
ultimate predators we may die
we're still here
so come and get us [ __ ]
if I'm hard on you it's because the
world is hard
you've seen
and I just need you stay out of trouble
okay
[Music]
your brother just got out of prison I
know I've been away for a long time but
I want to make sure that you know that
you're important to me I want you to be
careful about him
welcome home my man I know I owe you
guys some money I just wanted you can
all I'm not dodging you let him go the
hell is that thing
what the hell is that I found it
somebody's got to be looking for this
thing
[Music]
that thing your brother hasn't it
we need to constantly tend to good
Filan he's here somewhere dangerous
people coming after us
I know I'm not a good guy but it's been
pretty incredible to be brothers for the
first time whatever it has gotten him
into
it's gonna figure it out eventually I
hope you're ready for that believe this
whole time
you haven't told me there
get away from my brother
we keep that thing on the first mode
yeah
[Music]
let me tell you something
a driver on pick the car
car picked the drive so mrs. kebab
between man and machines of mystical
bomb
between man
[Music]
who are you
do you speak told her you
[Music]
what's your name
[Applause]
you got people out they will need you
this is why you're here be
you know be music can help you say what
you're feeling try this you told me the
story of the war when the ground shook
in the sky burn
of the ones that survived
who will walk to a different world where
the powerful pray please but that's not
the way it has to be when I found you a
very human brain was miraculously it's
the loneliest feeling not to know who
you are in time you'll remember
[Music]
Oh
the leaders new again it's harsh world
down here does that'll be willing to do
what it takes that run
[Music]
Mika's she's the last of a kind
she contains technology that have been
lost for 300 years let me show you
something
[Music]
this body I feel a connection to it I
can't explain you know more about me
than you're saying
Leda some things have been in lift
forgotten and I'll find out for myself
she's threatening the natural water
thing I need you to destroy her leader
they will come for you I'll have to face
them head-on
tonight is not a game
[Music]
I'm with her
Thompson's cardiac death seven hours 15
minutes with the matters
forever
nice work that's for Nexus us you have
kids that love you and a wife that
disease
[Music]
and we have signed right I am this close
never has anyone been there now I'm
better I can never have
what's going on
[Music]
William
tell me the truth there was a crash
even the kids died by branching back
is a reason human cloning is bad I mean
damn what if something horrible goes
wrong something already has
the experiments all know it isn't
and I love you forever
[Music]
I didn't define everything natural water
is just to lose you again
[Music]
my father was a lighthouse keeper
my mother was queen but life has a way
of bringing people together could unite
our bones one day check it out
author is talking to the fish
they may be what I am
listen to come aboard
[Music]
I've been looking for you your half
brother King arm is about to declare war
upon the surface world
the only way to stop this war is for you
to take your rightful place as king
trust me I know you'll do your best
thinking when you're not thinking at all
that was the worst pep talk ever
I want to strap in
my brother has come from the service
challenge me for the throne my god an
ass-whooping
[Music]
no leader
I came because I had no choice
i'ma save my home
people that are loved
you think you're unworthy to lead which
is you have two different worlds that is
exactly why you are worthy
oh it's awesome
coming to the surface
and I'm bringing the wrath of the seven
seas with me
here what are you doing never parachute
right hoods
[Music]